seo is about to change are you ready hey
everyone i'm neil patel and today i'm
going to break down one seo trend that
is about to change everything in 2022
and how to use it in your favor
we get started make sure you subscribe
to this channel and if you're on youtube
click the alert notification
so what's this trend i want you to take
a guess and they'll give you a few
minutes
after a few seconds i won't let you make
you wait that long so leave a comment
below with what you think that trend is
do you think it's going to be
content do you think it's going to be
voice search do you think it's going to
be
seo on-page seo do you think it's going
to be backlink building what do you
think that trend is going to make
everything change in seo in 2022.
seriously what do you think it is
i'll give you a hint it's something
related with tools
can you guess what it is
it's actually automation
automation is going to make everything
much easier specifically with content
writing so think of it this way what
happens if you can end up doing content
writing that's semi-automated
using the gtp3 right there's a lot of
tools out there like jarvis that makes
things really easy and it won't create
content that's perfect but it'll create
more than half of it and then you can
just go in there and modify and adjust
it
also tools already doing competitive
analysis and doing research right you
use tools like uber says it'll tell you
what's working what keywords are
competitive what doesn't work
but check this out what happens if more
marketing could be automated in uber
says in 2021
we already release in beta
tools and scripts that you can put on
your website that automates a lot of
your on-page seo tools like jarvis
automatically automate a lot of the
content creation process
so one's if you just start tacking on
all these things
if you start plugging all these tools
together you can automate a lot of your
seo which will then make your life
easier just imagine
you create a site error by publishing a
new page and you don't have to fix it
uber says fix it for you or you want to
write content on a new topic that you're
not as familiar with and you're sending
it to a great writer they can use jarvis
to plug in some information and then
boom it cranks out a condo piece form
that they just have to modify and clean
up and these tools are delivering ready
to write content that's not just outline
but that's super thorough
and that could be valuable based on a
lot of the top ranked pages already that
are out there on google so let's go over
some of these tools
phrase.i o clearscope surfer.seo
that'll help with a lot of the content
creation and the keywords
other tools even some that help you
write your content that we are
discussing are things like jarvis.ai and
outranking.io
copy.ai and copysmith
and when it comes to on-page seo uber
suggests is working on automating all of
it it's already in beta
and it works for wordpress and then
eventually we're going to automate all
on-page seo as well as all content
creation and then the long-term goal is
even automate link building as well so
if you want to use automation in your
favor here's what i would start with and
you can start in this order i would
specifically start with content and just
use one of the content tools that i
mentioned and use that to cut down your
content time
then the second thing i would do is
increase the amount of content you're
creating because your writing team
should have more time and then the third
thing i would do is create a project
flow within uber suggest so when you go
to uber system you create a project flow
you know it's tracking your rankings
your on-page seo you'll then get
notified when you can automate your
on-page seo so then you don't have to
fix anything so that way you'll be right
there in front of the line if you have
any questions leave a comment below
we're here to help if you just want my
team to do everything for you check out
np digital if you have any questions you
know just let us know we're here to help
as i mentioned i hope you enjoy the
video like it share it tell people about
it thank you for watching